**Microsoft Research License Agreement for MSR FastRDFStore**

This Microsoft Research License Agreement (&quot;Agreement&quot;) is a legal agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (&quot;Microsoft&quot;). Please read it and all of its terms and conditions.  They apply to the Microsoft Research Deliverables which may include source code, object code, data, and any associated materials, text or speech files, associated media and &quot;online&quot; or electronic documentation, and any updates we provide in our discretion (together, the &quot;Deliverables&quot;). This Agreement also applies to any Microsoft (i) updates, (ii) supplements, (iii) internet-based services, and (iv) support services for this Deliverables, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms supplement this Agreement and apply to the extent they are in conflict with this Agreement.

By agreeing to this Agreement and/or by using the Deliverables, you accept these terms and conditions. If you do not accept them, do not use the Deliverables. If you comply with these license terms and conditions, you have the rights described below.

1. **SCOPE OF RIGHTS.**
  
  **License Grant.** Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you have the following rights to the Deliverables for non-commercial, research only purposes:
    1. **Source Code**: You may use, copy, modify, and distribute the source code.
    2. **Object Code**: You may use, copy, and distribute the object code.
    3. **Restrictions.** You may not (i) alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Deliverables; (ii) use Microsoft&#39;s trademarks in a way that suggests your derivative works or modifications come from or are endorsed by Microsoft; or (iii) include the Deliverables in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs.
    4. **Requirements.** (i) You may only distribute the Deliverables, or any derivative works of the Deliverables as part of, and only for use with, your non-commercial offering licensed under this Agreement, and you are not authorized to distribute them under any terms and conditions that are broader than, conflict with or are different from those provided by this Agreement, and (ii) If you have created derivative works of the Deliverables, and distribute such derivative works, you will cause the modifications to carry prominent notices so that recipients know that they are not receiving the original Deliverables. Such notices must state: (i) that you have changed the Deliverables; (ii) what portions have changed, and (iii) the date of any changes.

2. **RESERVATION OF RIGHTS.** The Deliverables are licensed, not sold. This Agreement only gives you some rights to use the Deliverables with respect to the intellectual property Microsoft owns in the Deliverables (&quot;Microsoft IP&quot;) and your rights are conditioned on you not receiving any license or other rights in any intellectual property other than the Microsoft IP, even if such license or rights are necessary for you to use the Deliverables. Microsoft reserves all other rights. The license from Microsoft under this Agreement only applies to the Deliverables as provided by Microsoft, not to any modifications or derivative works you make. In using the Deliverables, you must comply with any technical limitations in the Deliverables that may only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not:

      1. a.Work around any technical limitations in the Deliverables;
      2. b.Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Deliverables, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;
      3. c.Use the Deliverables for commercial software hosting services or other commercial purposes;
      4. d.Make more copies of the Deliverables than specified in this Agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation; or
      5. e.Rent, lease or lend the Deliverables.

3. **License to Microsoft.**  In the event you provide Microsoft with modifications or derivatives of the Deliverables, you hereby grant Microsoft, without any restrictions or limitations, a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, assignable and sub-licensable license, to reproduce, publicly perform or display, install, use, modify, post, distribute, make and have made, sell and transfer such contributions, modifications and derivatives for any purpose.
4. **FEEDBACK.** Any feedback about the Deliverables provided by you to us is voluntarily given, and Microsoft shall be free to commercialize and use the feedback as it sees fit without obligation or restriction of any kind, even if the feedback is designated by you as confidential.  Such feedback shall be considered a contribution and licensed to Microsoft under the terms of Section 4 above.
5. **NO SUPPORT.** Microsoft is under no obligation to provide any support or additional materials for the Deliverables.  Nor is Microsoft obligated to update or use the Deliverables.
6. **TERM; TERMINATION.** The term of this Agreement will commence upon your acceptance of these license terms and conditions and will continue indefinately unless terminated earlier as provided herein. If you breach this Agreement or if you sue Microsoft or any other party over intellectual property that you think may apply to or read on the Deliverables or anyone&#39;s use of the Deliverables, this Agreement (and your license and rights obtained herein) terminate automatically. If this Agreement expires or is terminated, you must cease all activities related to the Deliverables and any derivative works or modifications and return or certify destruction of the Deliverables and all copies.
7. **EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.** The Deliverables are subject to United States export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the Deliverables. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see [www.microsoft.com/exporting](http://www.microsoft.com/exporting).
8. **ENTIRE AGREEMENT.** This Agreement, any exhibits, and the terms for any supplements, updates, Internet-based services or support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the Deliverables and support services.
9. **SEVERABILITY.** If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect provided the intent of the parties can be preserved.
10. **Governing Law and Venue.** This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington, without reference to its choice of law principles to the contrary.  Each party hereby consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington, with regard to any suit or claim arising under or by reason of this Agreement.
11. **LEGAL EFFECT.** This Agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your country.  This Agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.
12. **NO ASSIGNMENT.** You may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, except with Microsoft&#39;s express written consent. Any attempted assignment in violation of this section will be void.
13. **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. The DELIVERABLES ARE PROVIDED AND licensed &quot;as-is.&quot; You bear the risk of using THEM. Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. To the MAXIMUM extent permitted under law, Microsoft excludes ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING THE LOSS OF REVENUE, DATA OR USE OR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, INCURRED OR SUFFERED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, BASED ON A WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF MICROSOFT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT&#39;S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED FIVE THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $5,000). THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS DISCLAIMER AND THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ARE FUNDAMENTAL PARTS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND MICROSOFT WOULD NOT AGREE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT SUCH DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION.**
